Act I - Garen
	Grunt: Hey. Get out of bed!
	Garen: Fine. But only because you keep coming in here.
	Grunt: Did you sleep with that thing on your wrist?
	Garen: Of course. I wouldn't want my new parserrokah stolen, would I?
	Grunt: It already is stolen! You stole it!
	Grunt: Once you've sold it, you can give your brothers their cut, 
	Grunt: and you can stop worrying about it going missing in the night.
	Garen: I'm going to say this again, and hopefully, for the last time:
	Garen: I'm not selling it.
	Garen: It's worth more to me on my wrist than it is at any pawn shop.
	Grunt: That's not how the Painted Skulls do things, Garen.
	Grunt: What we take, we share, and there's nothing to share if you don't sell.
	Grunt: But you're probably sick of hearing it from me.
	Garen: You read my mind.
	Grunt: So you can hear it from the boss instead.
	Garen: What do you mean?
	Grunt: I mean that Riko is waiting for you in the cistern.
	Grunt: Says he wants to exchange words. My advice? Don't keep him waiting.
	/Thought bubbles:
	Garen: So long as I have this parserrokah, there's noone I can't mug. 
	Garen: I won't let Riko take it from me.
	Garen: But first, I'm going to need an evocation token to defend myself,
	Garen: and the only place I can hope to find one is the vault!
	/Cue puzzle: the player controls the direction of the flow of water in the sewer to get to the vault

	Garen: Turns out the vault is just a treasure chest. Go figure.
	Garen: Wait a minute. These tokens! They're blank! 
	Garen: Unless...
	Garen: Unless I can use my Aptitude to imbue them.
	Garen: Here goes nothing.
	Player chooses between 
		Perfect Stalker(Vagrant/Aberration), 
		Nightmare Heart(Plant/Abberation),
		Stealth Glider (Aeromancer/Construct)
	/Garen rides a water current out of the vault, and falls into the central cistern, where Riko and the rest of the Painted Skulls are waiting.
	
	Garen: Good morning, Riko.
	Riko: It's 3 in the afternoon.
	Garen: Well, we thieves do our best work at night.
	Garen: Don't you think it's a bit early to drag everyone out of bed?
	Riko: Enough, Garen. 
	Riko: I've been told you pulled off a most lucrative score a few nights ago.
	Garen: You're right. I mugged an Evoker. You must be pretty proud of me.
	Garen: Do you like my parserrokah?
	Riko: I do. I'm sure it would fetch a good price,
	Riko: and I'm sure your collegues here would appreciate recieving their share.
	Garen: Then I invite them to take it from me!
	//Garen evokes his evocation
	Riko: I'm not impressed by theatrics. Hand over the parserrokah.
	Garen: You're not in a position to be making demands, Riko.
	Riko: Oh, but I am.
	/Riko reveals a parserrokah on his arm
	Riko: You're not the first cocky young brat I've had to put down!
	//Battle starts

Act I - Temora
	/Marlo is standing in the atrium of Arcane Dynamics's company HQ, Arcane Castle.
	/Ilias enters. Marlo's eyes are glazed over: he is blind.
	Ilias: Speaker Marlo? It's Ilias, sir.
	Marlo: Excellent. Is Temora with you? 
	Ilias: No, sir. She must be running late, to no one's suprise.
	Ilias: What is it that you need?
	Marlo: As you know, 
	Marlo: Arcane Dynamics will be hosting its evocation tournament in a week.
	Marlo: Every major hold will be sending two representatives to compete,
	Marlo: and this company is no exception.
	Ilias: Of course. Ever since you took me as your pupil,
	Ilias: I've wanted to participate in the Arcane Quadrennial.
	Ilias: But traditionally, the company president and those with your Aptitude
	Ilias: are the ones who represent Arcane Dynamics.
	Marlo: Yes. But as of this year, I am both the Speaker AND the company president,
	Marlo: which means we need a second competitor.
	Ilias: I would be honored to-
	Marlo: However, the tournament is more than just sport!
	Marlo: The rules declare that the victor of each round takes from the loser
	Marlo: an evocation token of his choice.
	Marlo: The most powerful weapons in Exilia will be changing hands. 
	Marlo: We can't afford to lose ours to those who would wish us harm.
	Marlo: And if the rumors are true, and the Mad Queen has indeed returned- 
	Ilias: Those rumors began ten years ago, and she has yet to make an appearance.
	Ilias: They are just rumors. Nothing more!
	Marlo: I would hope so.
	Marlo: 500 years ago, the High King of Exilia was a Speaker, like myself.
	Marlo: On his death bed, he chose his daughter, Morkana Kurruo, to serve as one of the Queen Regents,
	Marlo: to wait for the next Speaker to be born into the world. 
	Marlo: Instead, she hunted and killed the inheritors of his Aptitude, some of whom were mere infants.
	Marlo: Her kin rule over Exilia to this day. 
	Marlo: Fortunately, they no longer continue the practice of killing Speakers,
	Marlo: but I doubt the Emperor would consider me a friend.
	/Temora enters
	Temora: Ilias.
	Ilias: Temora.
	Temora: You wished to see me, Speaker Marlo?
	Marlo: Welcome, Temora. I was just discussing the Arcane Quadrennial with your colleague.
	Marlo: Arcane Dynamics needs one more participant, 
	Marlo: and I'd like to know which of you is better suited for the task.
	Ilias: You're considering HER?! Sir, I must say, that is a terrible idea!
	Temora: I am inclined to agree.
	Temora: I fail to see how playing a child's game will further my research.
	Temora: Evocation mastery has more practical applications than battles. 
	Ilias: As though YOU can call what you do 'mastery.' Ha!
	Ilias: You wouldn't be capable of making it past the first round.
	Temora: I admit, evoking battles are not my specialty.
	Ilias: See sir? She-
	Temora: Which means, Ilias, that they are definitely not yours.
	Ilias: That's big talk for the girl who wants to run from a fight.
	Ilias: Surely you can beat me if you think battles are so beneath you?
	Temora: I do not have my evocation tokens with me. Fortunately for you.
	Ilias: Oh, wait a minute! It just so happens I have a blank one on me!
	Ilias: You can just make a new token right now! Or do you want to change your excuse?
	Temora: ...
	Temora: No. This will do.
	//Temora is provided a choice
		Cosmic Arbiter (Illusionist/Necromancer/Cleric)
		Revenant Armor (Knight/Undead)
		Arcane Avatar (Aero/Geo/Aqua/Pyromancer)
	Ilias: Then let's make it interesting. If I win, you'll do my paperwork for a month.
	Temora: I accept. 
	Marlo: There's no reason for you both to make a wager. Think this through-
	Temora: And if I win, you will not speak to me without my without my permission. Forever.
	Ilias: I accept! Let's battle!
	/Battle starts
	Temora: That settles it.
	Ilias: ...
	Ilias: ...!
	Temora: Do not worry, Ilias. Just because you embarrased yourself today
	Temora: does not guarentee you will embarrass yourself in front of thousands during the tourney. 
	Marlo: Temora, are you certain you won't change your mind?
	Temora: I am.
	Marlo: Very well.
	Marlo: If you won't participate in the tournament, I expect great things from your research.
	Marlo: Both of you are dismissed.
	/Temora leaves Arcane Castle and heads to Merchant's Row after donning a hooded robe

	/Temora enters Bardabos's shop
	Bardabos: Welcome to my humble shop. I carry wares from every corner of Exilia. 
	Bardabos: Is there something I can help you with?
	Temora: I am here to pick up an order I placed a week ago.
	Bardabos: Oh? And what was the name for your order?
	(Temora glances around the shop)
	(Temora removes the hood concealing her face)
	Temora: Temora Tengarten.
	Bardabos: Ah, yes. One moment please.
	(Bardabos leaves for the backroom of his shop, then returns)
	Bardabos: Here we are. One vial of boar's blood.
	Temora: Keep your voice down.
	Bardabos: You know, warriors of the Akanthi desert drink the blood of animals.
	Bardabos: They believe it grants them the strength and heightened senses of their prey.
	Bardabos: I'm sure this is how you intend to use this vial? 
	Bardabos: If not, then the only other explanation- 
	Bardabos: Well, I dare not say it-
	Temora: Then do not.
	Bardabos: Temora... Do you intend to practice...
	Bardabos: Blood Magic?
	Temora: You buy from pirates. Does it matter to whom you sell?
	Temora: It is none of your concern what I intend to do with that blood.
	Bardabos: Oh, but it is. So long as I pay off the right people, the Empire will turn a blind eye to selling stolen goods.
	Bardabos: But if you are caught, it's my name they'll force out of you.
	Bardabos: And no payment is enough for Lord Rin to overlook the use of blood magic.
	Temora: Fortunately, you are not Lord Rin. 
	Temora: I shall double my asking price. Either you will relinquish the vial or I will leave.
	Temora: There will be no further negotiation.
	Bardabos: ...
	Temora: ...
	Bardabos: ...
	Temora: ...
	Bardabos: ...
	Temora: Triple.
	Bardabos: Sold.
	(Temora leaves and begins walking through a street at night. Garen, wearing a Painted Skull and accompanied by two goons, appears out of an alley and follows behind her. He stops and activates his parserrokeh, and an evocation appears in front of Temora.)
	Temora: An evocation...
	Garen: Oh, you're familiar with evocations? Then I should only have to ask this once. 
	Garen: Turn over every copper you have or face my creature in hand-to-hand combat!
	Garen: And speaking of hands, I should mention it has knives for fingers!
	Temora: Most evokers are above petty theft.
	Garen: I wouldn't call it petty. You walked out of the most expensive shop in Sundren Falls.
	Garen: Besides, I'm not most evokers. I stole this device on my wrist, this-
	Temora: Parserrokah.
	Garen: Right. And instead of pawning it, like most theives would, I figured I could make use of it.
	Temora: How do you expect to control your creature without knowing how to speak the Binding Tongue?
	Garen: Well, aren't you a clever victim. You're right. 
	Garen: Fortunately, I do know one word in the Binding Tongue, and it means "Kill."
	Garen: I'd prefer not to have to be that kind of criminal, so don't push me. 
	Garen: Now, enough talking! Hand over something of value and you'll be on your way.
	Temora: Something of value. Like this?
	/Temora reveals the parserrokah under her robes.
	Garen: A parserrokeh! That can't be!
	/A sigil of white light appears under Garen and Temora's feet (as has been the case before all evoking battles)
	Thief: Magic?! You're asking for a world of hurt!
	Temora: Our fates have bonded. If you harm me now, your master will bear the same wounds.
	Thief: He's not my master, we're friends!
	Garen: Quiet, Benny.
	Thief: Yes sir.
	Garen: Explain yourself, witch.
	Temora: Evokers do not steal. 
	Temora: If you want my parserrokeh and my purse, you can win them from me in an evoking battle. 
	Garen: And if I lose?
	Temora: You will surrender yourself and your friends to the Magistrate to await justice.
	Garen: And I suppose you're going to make me?
	Temora: No. The stipulations of a evoking battle are enforced by the magic in the world around us.
	Temora: Every second spent ignoring the terms to which you are bound...
	Temora: ...is a second spent in mental and physical agony. It can drive you to madness.
	Temora: You are free to choose between following through on our wager or enduring that pain.
	Garen: How interesting. This little device is beginning to grow on me. 
	Garen: I accept your challenge, young evoker. Or should I call you Temora?
	Temora: You know me, thief?
	Garen: The parserokeh makes you easy to recognize.
	(Garen removes his mask.)
	Temora: Garen.
	Garen: It's been four years since you vanished from Donnington with that company, Arcane Dynamics.
	Garen: And now you're here in the big city, serving as some white-haired scholar's pupil.
	Temora: I see your career in the arcane arts started off on a different foot, then.
	Garen: That's right. I've had to work my way up through sheer force of will.
	Garen: Your mentor probably picked you just for your looks.
	Temora: My mentor is blind. 
	Temora: But it is an interesting coincidence that you bring him up. 
	Temora: I return to Donnington tomorrow to find a pupil of my own.
	Temora: I would have considered you, as you already have a... colorful resume,
	Temora: but you cannot compete for the position while sitting in a stockade.
	Garen: What a pity. I had you pegged as being unsatisfied with a pupil who's second best!
	Garen: Now, can we get started? I think I'm feeling the "mental agony" just listening to you drone on.
	Temora: Very well.
	/Battle starts. Temora, being the player character for this scene, wins

Act I - Morgan
	Dunn: Welcome to Donnington, Lady Sidra! I hope the roads were kind?
	Sidra: Of course! There's a reason I collect taxes from my subjects, Lord Dunn. 
	Dunn: I had been meaning to ask! Hohoho!
	Dunn: To what do we owe the honor of a visit? 
	Sidra: No need to be shy, my Lord.
	Sidra: I've already told them all about your enthusiasm for the Arcane Quadrennial.
	Sidra: I was sure you'd appreciate meeting the contenders on their way to Sundren Falls.
	Sidra: Allow me to introduce my brother, Lord Simon Cynderon of Birchwood Hall.
	Simon: It's a pleasure to-
	Dunn: Yes, of course! That double-geomancer gambit back in the semi-finals of 88! Phenomenal evoking!
	Simon: I lost that match.
	Dunn: Aye, you did, and you lost me a lot of money! 
	Dunn: But, I should have known better than to bet against the Blind Speaker.
	Simon: Yes... Marlo will be quite an obstacle this year as well.
	Simon: Fortunately, my fellow representative here is quite an evoking prodigy.
	Simon: With her help, I believe Birchwood Hall will even the odds.
	Simon: Lord Dunn, meet Lady Morgan Laremore.
	Morgan: Well met, my Lord. I was quite humbled when Lord Simon granted me the opportunity to compete.
	Simon: And I in turn was quite humbled by her mastery of the Binding Tongue!
	Temora: Where did you study, Lady Morgan?
	Morgan: (annoyed) ...self-taught.
	Temora: ...is that so?
	Dunn: My guests, allow me to introduce one of Donnington's very own, Temora Tengarten.
	Temora: A pleasure.
	Dunn: Temora has returned home on behalf of Arcane Dynamics. Her company is here scouting for new talent.
	Morgan: I see. You must know the Blind Speaker?
	Temora: I do. I am Marlo's apprentice.
	Morgan: Is it true, then? Is he really blind?
	Temora: He is. However, when it comes to battling, he is at no disadvantage.
	Temora: His Aptitude grants him unconditional control over his evocations,
	Temora: whereas you or I would be limited to our knowledge of the Binding Tongue vocabulary. 
	Simon: I suppose it's not for nothing that individuals with his Aptitude ruled over Exilia.
	Temora: Yes. I wish both of you the best of luck in the tournament.
	/Temora exits
	Simon: She seems... pleasant.
	Dunn: She's dedicated to her work, my lord. Tomorrow, she chooses a lifetime colleague, 
	Dunn: and I'm sure the decision is weighing heavily on her.
	Dunn: If you're not in a hurry come morning, perhaps you'd be willing to attend the scouting event?
	Sidra: It would be interesting to see how Arcane Dynamics operates!
	Dunn: Excellent! If you'd follow me, I can show you to your rooms in the Keep. 
	Dunn: And since you are my liege lady,
	Dunn: I suppose they truly are YOUR rooms! Hohoho!

	Morgan: Is there a reason you're pacing? My room is directly below yours.
	Simon: Good. That's what I asked for.
	Morgan: And why?
	Simon: So we could talk without being overheard. I have news.
	Simon: Princess Nyoka Kurruo will be representing the Imperial City during the tournament.
	Simon: ...
	Simon: Why are you smiling? This is bad! 
	Morgan: How, exactly?
	Simon: The Lord of Sundren Falls is going to croak soon. 
	Morgan: And his son Rin is a bastard... So? Where does Nyoka factor into it? 
	Simon: The Emperor would rather eat his own crown than give Sundren Falls to Rin,
	Simon: so he'll be looking for loyal Southerners to replace him. 
	Morgan: Such as yourself.
	Simon: Such as myself. But, if Princess Nyoka is the one to defeat her father's enemies,
	Simon: as opposed to us, I've lost my only chance to prove myself worthy of the title.
	Morgan: Don't overestimate the Princess. She'll likely be eliminated in the first round.
	Morgan: Then, you can defeat Rin and Marlo yourself, 
	Morgan: and the Empire will honor you with the task of dissolving Arcane Dynamics. Everyone wins.
	Simon: And if they don't want to risk a member of the royal family losing a tournament in front of thousands?!
	Morgan: Get some rest, Lord Simon. It will do you no good to fret over what you don't know.

	Morgan: Keh heh.
	Morgan: Haha!
	Morgan: Kha Ha Ha Ha Ha! 
	Morgan: Nyoka will arrive in Sundren Falls with the most powerful evocation in existance,
	Morgan: and I'm going to be the one to take it from her!
	Morgan: Tlilticoatl the Black Dragon!
	Morgan: I won't rest until it's in my hands once more!

Act I - Aem
	Aem: Ok, Aem. You can do this.
	Aem: Just open the door.
	/The player attempts to leave Aem's house, but is stopped by more dialogue
	Aem: Heeereee we go. Just going out the front door. 
	Aem: Nice and casual.
	Aem: No! Bold and determined!
	Aem: Casually determined? Yes!
	Aem: I'll walk out the front door, casually determined.
	Aem: There's nothing to fear on the other side of that door.
	Aem: Except for my entire future.
	Aem: No! I can do this!
	/He strikes a power pose
	Aem: I am Aem, and I am worthy of an Arcane Dynamics career!
	Aem: I am Aem, and I am worthy of Temora!
	Aem: Wait, that came out wrong.
	Aem: I am worthy of a platonic, working relationship with Temora! 
	Aem: Oh, sweet, sweet, Temora. Your eyes glow like... icicles in the sun!
	Aem: Arise, fair sun, and let ice give way to a flowing spring,
	Aem: and show me what my future doth bring, hithero-
	Aem's Mom: Just go outside, dammit!

	Temora: The rules are the same as they were four years ago, when I had the honor of being chosen by the Speaker.
	Temora: Prospective candidates will harness their Aptitudes and channel them into this: an evocation token. 
	Temora: Observe.
	//Temora evokes the evocation the player chose during Temora's scene
	Dunn: Brilliant!
	Temora: Imbuing an evocation token takes more than raw magical power. 
	Temora: It is a reflection of your heart and mind, 
	Temora: so take care to focus only on that which you wish to make a reality.
	Temora: Who will go first?
	// Several candidates later
	Temora: Does anyone else wish to come forward?
	Aem: I do.
	Temora: State your name.
	Aem: Temora, we've been friends since we were little. Do you not remember my name?
	Temora: ...
	Temora: Of course I remember. But for the sake of formality, state your name.
	Aem: Aem Arborling.
	Temora: Aem Arborling, I call upon you to imbue this token.
	// Aem imbues the Arcane Recruiter. 
	Temora: Stand back, please.
	// Temora evokes the Arcane Recruiter. It has Temora's face, but wears extremely revealing clothing
	Aem: Uuuuhhhh...
	Morgan: Kha Ha! I don't see this ending well.
	Dunn: The face is quite a likeness! The body is quite, well... exposed.
	Temora: What exactly were you focusing on?! My chest?!
	Aem: I messed up! Can I have a do-over?
	Temora: No! 
	Temora: Unfortunately, it seems I have failed to find a suitable candidate for the position. 
	Temora: I apologize for wasting your time, my lords and ladies.
	Morgan: I can't fault you for having high standards, Temora,
	Morgan: but it seems you haven't yet exhausted EVERY choice.
	/Garen moves through the crowd toward Temora
	Temora: Garen...
	Garen: Temora, it's been too long! You look suprised to see me.
	Temora: Our evoking battle had a wager. If you lost, you were to submit to the authorities.
	Temora: By all the laws of magic, you should be in prison right now.
	Garen: I tried to fight it at first, and you were right. It was incredibly painful.
	Garen: But you told me I had to turn myself in. You never said I couldn't break myself out.
	Temora: And you suppose I should reward your criminal behavior with an Arcane Dynamics salary?
	Garen: I can't change my past, but you can give me the opportunity to change my future.
	Garen: Let me show you what I can do.
	Temora: ...
	Temora: Very well. Garen, I call upon you to imbue this token.
	Aem: Oh, I get it. He doesn't have to state HIS name!
	/Temora evokes Garen's new unit
	Temora: Remarkable. I have never seen stats like these.
	Garen: So? Do I have the job?
	Temora: There is more to it than making powerful creatures, Garen.

	Morgan: If there's more to it, I fail to see the point of this little contest. 
	Simon: Perhaps it's tradition? Temora did say that the Blind Speaker chose her at an event like this.
	Morgan: If that's the case, then powerful creatures must be exactly what the Speaker was looking for.
	Morgan: Seems Temora has different priorities. I wonder what could they be.

	Temora: There will be a significant amount of paperwork-
	Garen: I accept.
	Temora: Not to mention the non-disclosure agreement-
	Garen: I accept.
	Temora: A mandatory drug test-
	Garen: Give me two weeks and I accept.
	Temora: and paycheck deductions for uniform and boarding.
	Garen: Can we wrap this up?
	Temora: Garen.
	Temora: Welcome to Arcane Dynamics.
	/Aem, thinking:
	Aem: I don't believe this!
	Aem: All my life I've wanted to be an Evoker, and that criminal steals the job,
	Aem: as criminals are want to do.
	Aem: It isn't over yet. This 'Garen' will slip up eventually, and I'll be ready!
	Simon: Quite an impressive evocation, Garen.
	Simon: If only I could match Arcane Dynamics' offer, I'd hire you myself.
	Morgan: Indeed. Congratulations, new Evoker.
	Dunn: Now that we've concluded, Temora, I'd like to share a very special announcement!
	Temora: Very well. I do not suppose I could stop you.
	Dunn: As of this month, Donnington is the 32nd largest town in Exilia!
	Temora: 32nd? Whats the significance of-
	Temora: No... No! It can't be!
	Dunn: That of course means our town is the 32nd and final participant in the Arcane Quadrennial!
	Dunn: A round of applause for the tournament's newest contestants, Temora and Garen of Donnington!
	Temora: I- You cannot-
	Dunn: You'll do us proud, I'm sure! Both of you will!
	Temora: You- 
	Temora: Y-y-you-
	Temora: You lard ball of a man!!!
	Dunn: What did you say?!
	Garen: She said, 'you laudable man.' We humbly accept, of course.
	Morgan: Well, this is quite interesting. I suppose it's too early for us to say our goodbyes.
	Morgan: If all goes well in the tournament, we'll be meeting again in the arena! Keh heh. 